h1. NimbuslyDB

h2. Introduction

NimbuslyDB provides an easy-to-use access layer over HTML5's local database 
functionality. It is intended to eventually provide the following features:

* Easy database access layer for HTML5 local database storage
* Centralized logging and error handling for HTML5 local database storage
* Simplified database initialization and upgrading using migrations
* A simple Object/Relational layer for storing and retrieving javascript objects
* A facility for synchronizing with a remote database

My intent is to make it easy to write apps javascript apps that will run in both
mobile and web environments, online or offline, and make your personal app data 
available regardless of how or when you access the app, in as seamless a way 
as possible. Only then will the full benefits of cloud computing be realized.

h2. Getting Started

You will need a browser that supports HTML5 Local storage. I've been using Chrome.
Chrome requires that the HTML5 code to be downloaded from a server, so I have
Apache configured to access my development directory. There are unit tests in the 
test directory, using QUnit.

h2. License

NimbuslyDB Copywrite 2010 Andrew Semprebon

NimbuslyDB is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

NimbuslyDB is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with NimbuslyDB.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
